[Zero Trust] WARP registration error (#7047)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/cloudflare-one/faq/teams-troubleshooting.md

# Troubleshooting

> ## I tried to register the WARP client with my Zero Trust domain but received an `Authentication Expired` and a `Registration error. Please try again later` error messages.

Reviewer: `WARP client` appears as `WARP Client` in the text below. If you wish to keep the text capitalization, please update the title to also use `WARP Client`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## I tried to register the WARP client with my Zero Trust domain but received error messages `Authentication Expired` and `Registration error. Please try again later`.
```
The original sentence has a strange structure... Tried to improve it, probably without much success.

> When a user logs into an organization, WARP will open a web page so the user can sign in via Cloudflare Access. Access then generates a JSON Web Token (JWS) that is passed from the web page to the WARP Client to authenticate the device. This JSW has a timestamp indicating the exact time it was created, as well as a timestamp indicating it will expire 50 seconds into the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a user logs into an organization, WARP will open a web page so the user can sign in via Cloudflare Access. Access then generates a JSON Web Token (JWT) that is passed from the web page to the WARP Client to authenticate the device. This JWT has a timestamp indicating the exact time it was created, as well as a timestamp indicating it will expire 50 seconds into the future.
```
